Document the changes of scheduler PostFilter extension point (#22429)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/scheduling-framework.md

filter plugin marks the node as infeasible, the remaining plugins will not be
called for that node. Nodes may be evaluated concurrently.

### PostFilter {#post-filter}

> These plugins are called after Filter phase, but only when no feasible nodes

Reviewer: These plugins run after the Filter phase but only if there are no feasible nodes available for scheduling.

> These plugins are called after Filter phase, but only when there is no feasible

Author: It was, but later we changed to only invoke PostFilter plugins only when Filter failed. Say if there is any feasible node after Filter(), PostFilter() won't be called at all.

> These plugins are called after Filter phase, but only when there is no feasible

Reviewer 2: Then, I would say:

```suggestion
These plugins are called after Filter phase, but only when no feasible nodes were found for the pod
```

> These plugins are called after Filter phase, but only when there is no feasible

Author: SG.
